{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\listtable 
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc1\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc1\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\jclisttab\tx360}\listid1 }}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\fs40\lang9    \b\fs48 CAB BOOKING SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS\fs52\par
\fs28\par
\par
\fs44 Introduction\fs36\par
\b0\fs28 TRANSPORTATION \par
Transportation is a crucial aspect of our social lives. Without transportation infrastructure, contemporary society cannot function. There are numerous businesses that provide transportation services to both private individuals and businesses. To obtain a transportation service under the current system, the client first contacts the transport business. The corporation then reserves the car for him for the specified date and time, and delivers it to his address at that precise moment. The online service known as the online taxi booking system automates the cab booking procedure and saves time and effort for both the customer and the business. The business will initially register its vehicles as well as the vehicles on the system.The customer will then submit a booking request, with all essential details, for a car at the desired time and date. The calculated fare should be confirmed by the client. The worker will then serve the client at the designated time and date. The customer will finally have the chance to provide comments on the service he received. The business can examine it and take the necessary steps for future advancements.\fs24\par
\b\fs28\par
Purpose\par
\b0\fs24 This SRS document's objective is to specify the software requirements for online taxi booking. It is meant to be a detailed explanation of all the features the system offers. The system's main objective is to automate the online cab booking procedure. In a subsequent document, specific design and implementation information will be provided.\fs28\par
\par
\b Project scope\par
\b0\fs24 The goal of this project is to automate the process of computing the fare, collecting the fare, gathering all essential client information, and serving the client. The system's data is kept in a database, which will also serve as the hub for all client and employee data and the starting point for subsequent steps once the initial application has been submitted. Because of this, processes can be greatly accelerated and simplified, which makes the tasks of those involved easier. While supporting the current procedure, it is centralised and allows for quicker and simpler decision-making\b\fs28 .\par
\par
Objective of the Proposed system\par
The proposed system's goal is to remedy the shortcomings of the existing one. The system's requirements were developed based on input from prior metrics tool users as well as flaws that had been previously documented. The following goals for the suggested system are listed:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs24 Reach to geographically scattered clients:- One of the important objectives of the online booking system is communicate with all the clients scattered geographically.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Automate the reservation process:-The system will automate the booking process, saving customers' and employees' time and effort.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Handling of data centrally:- Transfer data efficiently to all concerned departments and manage data in a centralised manner.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Decreased workforce:- Reduce the number of people needed to handle bookings and customer services.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Reduce costs. Reduce the price of the reservation process.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Operative effectiveness. By raising the process quality, increase operational effectiveness.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs28 Benefits of the Proposed system\par
\par
Actors\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 Admin\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Customers\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Drivers\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Finance Team\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs32 Functional Requirements\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\jclisttab\tx360\ls1\ilvl8\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs28 Signup \b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 1.\tab}\b0\fs28 login page\b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 2.\tab}\b0\fs28 Forgot password\b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 3.\tab}\b0\fs28 Cab search\b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 4.\tab}\b0\fs28 Route\b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 5.\tab}\b0\fs28 Payment\b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 6.\tab}\b0\fs28 Invoice\b\fs32\par
{\listtext\f0 7.\tab}\b0\fs28 LIve tracking with details\b\fs32\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\fs24\par
\par
\fs32\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\fs28 REQUIREMENTS\par
\b0\par
MyCab is a growing cab service company in the country.The app whole should looks in blue theme.The company operates both local and inter state services.Their requirement is as follows\b\par
       Login page\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs24 When the user open ,he should see the login page with username text field & password.And there should be a forgot password option to reset the password. If he is a new user, then there should be an option for sign up. Login page should have option to Login using Gmail or Google Authentication and facebook authentication.ther should be a button 'LOGIN' .If he enter wrong username or password it should throw a invalid error message.If the user enter the valid details which matches the details in details with service provider then it should should show Home page.There should be a provision to skip down the login in order to goto Home Page\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}on this page it also should show login as Driver ,login as Admin and login as finance admin\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs28        Sign-Up Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs24 When the user click signup button from the login page he should enter the signup page. So there should be text field to enter the E-mail ID and input field to enter the mobile . There should be text field to enter the first name nad the last name Mobile should be collected. After signup There should be an option to go to Login page. It should show whether the password is strong or weak.Password should re-confirm. The password must be 8 character with a uppercase alphabet ,lowercase alphabet ,a number and a special charcter.There shoud be captcha verification. All the inputs fields should validate the input is in correct format. If the user enters the details like E-mail and Phone number that already linked with another account ,it should pops out a warning message.If all the details there should be Register button to save the details and software should create a profile account with  popup which shows successfully resgistered and "\ul click to login\ulnone " button to return to login page.There should option for Google authentication signup and Facebook authentication signup.If they use this after signup successful messsage should show and return to login page\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0         \b\fs28 Home Page\b0\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Home page should need a search option with loaded map with current location showing.On the left end there should be account icon.when click on the account icon it show profile details ,travel history and finance history.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The user can arise a cab needed with need cab button in the below corner and he also book cab with nearby location.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Below the account section there should be option of Tracking the cab and cancel the cab\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1080\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b Tracking the cab\line\b0 The Tracking of the cab should be show the cabs that the user had booked for the future.Need to select the seperate Bookings and view separatly\b .\b0 when the cab is selected then it should show the map with source and destination with route in green line ,it should show the traffic ,estimated time,and the time of travel starts.\b\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}Cancel the cab\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\tab\b0 Cancel of the cab must show the number cab booked and need to select \tab tocancel the ticket.It also show that How much money is to refunded with \tab\tab working days.\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 Below that there should be also contact us and report options.Contact option should contains our E-mail Address ,customer care number,Postal address of the head quoters .The report option senting an E-Mail to  our email.Change password option with Email Authentication or phone number Authentication.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}In the search option the user needs to enter the travelling destination, starting location, time taken to travel and number of persons. The footer of the website should have options for help section and contact information.Home page should contain user profile.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}In the Home page should show the nearby cab which is registered\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The search tab on navigation bar which is used to search the available cabs.It should ask the user for source ,destination,date & time.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs28 Booking Page\b0\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 The result should show on separate page and this page should have filter facility with AC or Non AC,number of seat,vehicle brand,rating and apply filter button.And also enable sorting with rating,cost(low to high and high to low),estimated time.The cost also should show along with cab name.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}it allows to select select cab and it shows the cab details with seat and driver details ,licence number,behavioural rating .\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs28 Payment page\b0\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 After booking page will be redirected for payment. The payment page should calculate the fare between 2 locations and add the corresponding tax of the ride. The Payment page should have the option to pay by using wallets like Google pay and Phone pe etc. invoice will be generated and user have the option to download invoice for further references.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0         \b\fs28 Orders Page\b0\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 The Order page should have details about the previous orders of the customer and there should be an option for rating the cab driver after a successful ride. Also, there should be an option to register the complaint or report the cab details to the admin. if user needs to cance the order there should have an option to cancel the order.after cancellation amount paid by user should be refunded to the user.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs28 Admin login\par
\b0\fs24 It should after admin login into password and user name .He should have the provison to check and remove the driver and vehicle.It also give the provision of validating user and gives to allow interstate travel.He should able add drivers and vehicle details with username and password which futher can be changed.\par
\b\fs28 Driver login\par
\b0\fs24 It should get the details  of the his vehicle and  professional details.He requwst the admin to change the information.He should able to see the active user bookings to him and active user who need cab in nearby location.He can also take the needed cab request on the nearby loaction then the accepted notification with route time Details with driver can be sent to the user.Selected booking from the user have to get to particular driver as message and notification and he can accept it  or ignore it.\par
\b\fs28 Finance Admin login\par
\b0\fs24 The finance Admin login He can able get the details of Driver and number of trip he attend.Also number of kilometer he travelled,with this he should able to transfer salary to the driver.Refund request after cancelation, the return cash should able to tranfer into the user account after minimizing fine\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\b\fs28      \par
\fs22                \par
          \par
}
 